DOCS-1848: Adds PayPal logo instructions to Activate section on PayPal (#990)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payment-methods/wallet/paypal/activate-paypal.md

4. Navigate to _Settings_->_Payment methods_. Select 'PayPal' and enter your `PayPal Account ID`.

> Do you want to show your header or logo at the checkout page in PayPal? First upload the pictures under _Settings_ -> _Files_. Next go to payment methods, at the bottom right-hand side, select the pictures as logo and header and click _Save_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do you want to show your header or logo at the checkout page in PayPal? First, upload the images under _Settings_ -> _Files_. Next, navigate to _payment methods_ at the bottom right-hand side, select the pictures as logo and header and click _Save_.
```

> Do you want to show your header or logo at the checkout page in PayPal? First, upload the images under _Settings_ -> _Files_. Next, navigate to _payment methods_ at the bottom right-hand side, select the pictures as logo and header and click _Save_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do you want to show your header or logo at the checkout page in PayPal? First, upload the images under _Settings_ -> _Files_. Next, navigate to _payment methods_ at the bottom right-hand side, select the images as logo and header and click _Save_.
```
